README.md, before:

# Awesome Home Assistant

<div align="center">
  <img width="400" src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/master/images/awesome-home-assistant.svg" alt="Awesome Home Assistant">
  <br>
  <a href="https://awesome-ha.com"><strong>https://awesome-ha.com</strong></a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Awesome" src="https://awesome.re/badge.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="GitHub Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?style=social&label=Stars" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="GitHub Watchers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?style=social&label=Watchers">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Build status" src="https://api.travis-ci.org/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?branch=master">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/edit/master/README.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="PRs Welcome" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg">
  </a>
</div>

## About

Awesome Home Assistant is a curated list of awesome
[Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io) resources.
Additional software, tutorials, custom components, Hassio add-ons,
custom Lovelace panels, cookbooks, example setups, and much more.

The list is divided into categories. The links in those categories do not have
pre-established order, the order is for contribution. If you want to contribute,
please read the [guide](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## How to Use

Awesome Home Assistant is an amazing list for people trying to automate every
aspect of their home. Automating your home is a long, hard, and never finished
task that usually involves a lot of tinkering.

There are several ways to get support and inspiration:

- Chat on the [Home Assistant Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/c5DvZ4e) server
- Check out the [Home Assistant Community Forums](https://community.home-assistant.io/?u=frenck)
- Visit the [Home Assistant Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/homeassistant/)
- And of course, this awesome list!
    - Simply press <kbd>command/ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>F</kbd> to search for a keyword
    - Go through our [_Content Menu_](#content)
    - Or use the search on our website: <https://www.awesome-ha.com>

### Content

- [About](#about)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
    - [Content](#content)
- [Installing](#installing)
- [Other Awesome Lists](#other-awesome-lists)
- [Contributing and License](#contributing-and-license)

## Installing

Home Assistant has several installation / running methods. Many people have
different opinions and their personal favorites. Each method has its
advantages and disadvantages. Important to know, there is no wrong, or right here,
each method installs the **SAME** Home Assistant.

Home Assistant currently _recommends_ the Hass.io method.

* [Hass.io](https://www.home-assistant.io/getting-started/) - Installing using a Docker managed environment (recommended method).
* [Docker](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/docker/) - Installing on Docker.
* [Hassbian](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/hassbian/installation/) - Installing Hassbian.
* [Manually](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/virtualenv/) - Manual installation using a Python virtual environment.

## Other Awesome Lists

_Other amazingly awesome lists that can be found on the great and dangerous interwebs_

* [awesome-smarthome](https://github.com/pfalcon/awesome-smarthome) - Curated list of awesome SmartHome/Home Automation things.
* [awesome-iot](https://github.com/HQarroum/awesome-iot) - Curated list of awesome Internet of Things projects and resources.

## Contributing

This awesome list is an active open-source project and are always open to
people who want to contribute to it. We have set up a separate document
containing our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

The original setup of this awesome list is by [Franck Nijhof](https://twitter.com/frenck).

For a full list of all authors and contributors, check the
[contributor's page](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/graphs/contributors).

Thank you for being involved! 😍

# License

Distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for
the complete license.

Commit message:

:sparkles: Adds trademark legal notice

README.md, after:

# Awesome Home Assistant

<div align="center">
  <img width="400" src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/master/images/awesome-home-assistant.svg" alt="Awesome Home Assistant">
  <br>
  <a href="https://awesome-ha.com"><strong>https://awesome-ha.com</strong></a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Awesome" src="https://awesome.re/badge.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="GitHub Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?style=social&label=Stars" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="GitHub Watchers" src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?style=social&label=Watchers">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/frenck/awesome-home-assistant" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Build status" src="https://api.travis-ci.org/frenck/awesome-home-assistant.svg?branch=master">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/edit/master/README.md" target="_blank">
    <img alt="PRs Welcome" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg">
  </a>
</div>

## About

Awesome Home Assistant is a curated list of awesome
[Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io) resources.
Additional software, tutorials, custom components, Hassio add-ons,
custom Lovelace panels, cookbooks, example setups, and much more.

The list is divided into categories. The links in those categories do not have
pre-established order, the order is for contribution. If you want to contribute,
please read the [guide](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## How to Use

Awesome Home Assistant is an amazing list for people trying to automate every
aspect of their home. Automating your home is a long, hard, and never finished
task that usually involves a lot of tinkering.

There are several ways to get support and inspiration:

- Chat on the [Home Assistant Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/c5DvZ4e) server
- Check out the [Home Assistant Community Forums](https://community.home-assistant.io/?u=frenck)
- Visit the [Home Assistant Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/homeassistant/)
- And of course, this awesome list!
    - Simply press <kbd>command/ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>F</kbd> to search for a keyword
    - Go through our [_Content Menu_](#content)
    - Or use the search on our website: <https://www.awesome-ha.com>

### Content

- [About](#about)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
    - [Content](#content)
- [Installing](#installing)
- [Other Awesome Lists](#other-awesome-lists)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Trademark Legal Notice](#trademark-legal-notice)
- [License](#license)

## Installing

Home Assistant has several installation / running methods. Many people have
different opinions and their personal favorites. Each method has its
advantages and disadvantages. Important to know, there is no wrong, or right here,
each method installs the **SAME** Home Assistant.

Home Assistant currently _recommends_ the Hass.io method.

* [Hass.io](https://www.home-assistant.io/getting-started/) - Installing using a Docker managed environment (recommended method).
* [Docker](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/docker/) - Installing on Docker.
* [Hassbian](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/hassbian/installation/) - Installing Hassbian.
* [Manually](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/installation/virtualenv/) - Manual installation using a Python virtual environment.

## Other Awesome Lists

_Other amazingly awesome lists that can be found on the great and dangerous interwebs_

* [awesome-smarthome](https://github.com/pfalcon/awesome-smarthome) - Curated list of awesome SmartHome/Home Automation things.
* [awesome-iot](https://github.com/HQarroum/awesome-iot) - Curated list of awesome Internet of Things projects and resources.

## Contributing

This awesome list is an active open-source project and are always open to
people who want to contribute to it. We have set up a separate document
containing our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

The original setup of this awesome list is by [Franck Nijhof](https://twitter.com/frenck).

For a full list of all authors and contributors, check the
[contributor's page](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/graphs/contributors).

Thank you for being involved! 😍

## Trademark Legal Notice

This Awesome list is not created, developed, affilliated, supported, maintained
or endorsed by Home Assistant.

All product names, logos, brands, trademarks and registered trademarks are
property of their respective owners. All company, logo, product and service
names used in this list are for identification purposes only.

Use of these names, logos, trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement.

# License

Distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/frenck/awesome-home-assistant/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for
the complete license.
